= thunderbucket

Thunderbucket is an ORM for Key/Value stores. Yes, O*R*M. It does relations. Indexed attributes for searching too. Sexy, no?

It's mad early beta software, when you find bugs, please let me know and if you're feeling especially generous, send me a pull request with a fix. ;)

For some of the thoughts/goals behind TB: http://gist.github.com/214893

== A delicious example

	require 'thunderbucket'
	
	Thunderbucket.backend = :memory
	# - or -
	Thunderbucket.backend = [:redis, 'localhost']
	
	
	class Drink < Thunderbucket::Base
		belongs_to :person

		attributes :alcohol_content
	end
	
	class Person < Thunderbucket::Base
	 	has_many :drinks

		attributes :name, :city

		indexed_attributes :name
	end
	
	Person.find(1) # autoincrementing unique id's!
	p = Person.find(:name=>'Adrian Pike')
	p.drinks #=> [#<Drink id: 1, person_id: 1, alcohol_content:"0.05", created_at: "2009-10-10 21:40:26", updated_at: "2009-10-10 21:40:26">]
	p.city #=> 'Bellingham'
	p.city = 'Seattle'
	p.save
	
	
== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but
   bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2009 Adrian Pike. See LICENSE for details.
